# instructions
General: For our final project we will write our own little toy programming language. The language will have loops, conditional statements, arithmetic and even functions. For Phase A, however, we’re looking for just straight-line code consisting of assignment statements and output statements (i.e., print). Our language is designed to be very easy to parse (i.e., easy for a computer program to read and understand). It bears no resemblance to any real programming language. Details of the language are shown below. This language will evolve over the two projects (Phase A and Phase B).
You will be given relatively little “starter” code for this project. A large part of the assignment is for you to design your own approach, including data structures, algorithms, structs/classes, functions, etc. Part of your grade will be based on good choices of data structures and algorithms as well. To keep this fair, you are prohibited from using any code from the standard C, standard C++, or any other 3 rd -party library. You can use any code developed in class, and you can naturally write any code you want yourself. The exceptions to this rule are the functions printf, C++ new and delete. Everything else must be built from scratch. You are welcome to use any of the code from class, including previous projects and in-class examples (e.g., including code that I wrote for you).
All the code you produce in this project must be original. You may not seek outside help (other than the assistance of the instructor, TA and authorized tutors).
The Blip Language, var, set, output and text commands: For Phase A, we ask that you implement four language statements. Two of these (var and set) are for creating and assignment values to variables, and two of these (output and text) are for producing output (i.e., printing to the screen). A Blip program consists of zero or more statements. Each statement begins with a keyword (var, set, output or text).
